Guide context and narrative cleanup (#1355)
temporalio/documentation: docs/python/how-to-heartbeat-an-activity-in-python.md

  - python
---

> To Heartbeat an Activity Execution in Python, us the [`heartbeat()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.activity.html#heartbeat) API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To Heartbeat an Activity Execution in Python, use the [`heartbeat()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.activity.html#heartbeat) API.
```

```python
    @activity.defn
    async def your_activity_definition() -> str:
        activity.heartbeat("heartbeat details!")
```

In addition to obtaining cancellation information, Heartbeats also support detail data that persists on the server for retrieval during Activity retry.

> If an Activity calls `heartbeat(123, 456)` and then fails and is retried, `heartbeat_details` will return an iterable containing `123` and `456` on the next Run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Activity calls `heartbeat(123, 456)` and then fails and is retried, `heartbeat_details` returns an iterable containing `123` and `456` on the next Run.
```
